

Downtown Detroit, 1982. 
In the wake of several murders, many citizens cowered behind their curtains, 
praying the murderer would be caught. 
Despite not being widely reported, the strange happenstance certainly made headlines in the local paper.
 Following a bizarre breadcrumb trail, two detectives Richard 'Dick' Smith and Raymond 'Sarge' Garcia
 were given the case for the original murder of Alfred Jones. Taking advantage of their cunning cleverness,
 rationality, and absolute hunger to solve the case, the two find themselves in a mansion a short distance away.

Sarge: I don’t like this, Dick, gotta strange feeling about this place. 
They park a short way from the drive, walking up to the outside gate, hardly looking welcoming. 
Dick: Looks like the beginning of one of them horror films, huh?
Sarge: Well, now you’ve jinxed us. 
Dick: “Relax would ya, your donuts will still be at the office for ya when we get back!” A pat on the back as they stepped forward. Slightly on edge – something amiss. Sarge notices a statue of a creepy looking gargoyle, immediately shuddering. 
Sarge: “Feels like we’re being watched…”
Unfortunately for the detectives, they weren’t wrong. As they approach the door, Dick tries out the front door handle.
Sarge: “Are you trying to get us killed? We can’t just waltz right through the front door…” 
But, with ease and no sign of anyone around, it opens. 
Sarge: “Well, that isn’t at all creepy. Sure this is the right place? Shouldn’t we call the ghostbusters to deal with this? I know we’re good but paranormal is a little out of our league..” 
For all his years of experience, Sarge wasn’t the most fond of ghost stories, Dick however, liked to tease his partner under such circumstance. 
Dick: “What, scared of rats? The place looks abandoned anyway, not sure what we’re going to find here….”
And, naively the tall detective steps forward, right into the centre of the hallway. 
Dick: “Helloooo, anybody home?” 
Turning to look at his partner. 
Dick: “See? What did I tell ya, everythings just—”
In the moment, all Sarge could hear was shouting, and fight or flight kicked in as the older detective barged in.
Sarge: “If this is another one of your practical jokes, Richard, I’m taking you off the next case!” But, Sarge enters to a very similar scenario – but Richard was no where to be seen. “What in the… “
The next thing, he would feel a thud to the back of his head – which would certainly leave a bruise. 
Sarge: “Ugh… What in the Hell happened?”
Dick: “My head hurts….”
Sarge: “Where are we…”
He moves slowly, glancing around, the only viewable object was a monitor that made him squint. 
Sarge: “Something tell us we aren’t in Kansas anymore, toto…” 
( Load game, players able to move around ) 
Basement Dialogue: 
(Once the book opens after finding the clue) / possible interaction
Dick: So.. something behind the bookshelf? 
Sarge: “Seems like it. Come and help me move this thing, would ya?” 

If either player picks up key. 
Dick: Something tells me we should keep this for later…



Random lines. 
Sarge: “The true crime here is that somebody left a half eaten donut… “
Dick: “What a monster…”

Dick: “Hey, sarge?”
Sarge: “Hm?”
Dick: “Do you ever think about a murderers choice of décor, it hardly screams murderer by the tile choice of the kitchen…”
Sarge: “….”
Sarge: “Would you like me to ask the murderer when we find them?”
Dick: “I can’t tell if you’re being serious right now…”
Sarge: “Can we *just* get back to the task at hand, C’mon—"

Dick: “Hey, isn’t it supposed to be rule of three? This one really must be a psycho…”
Sarge: “And the fact we’ve had to solve how many clues and puzzles to get here alredy? Only now do you think he’s a psycho?”
Dick: “All part of the mystery, huh?”
Sarge: “I don’t get paid enough for this…” 

